Updated and fixed READMEs ++ (#70)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: README.md

   2. [Testing the module](#testing-the-module)
6. [If This Is in Your Own Repository](#if-this-is-in-your-own-repository)

## Getting started
If you are familliar with the template you can get started by jumping straight to the [Usage](#usage) section.

> If you are new to the template we strongly recommend you to carefully read all the sections in this readme before you use this template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started
If you are familliar with the template you can get started by jumping straight to the [Usage](#usage) section.

If you are new to the template we strongly recommend you to read the [Description - What & Why](#description---what--why), then perform the steps in [Install Prerequisites](#install-prerequisites). After that you can move on to our getting started guides:

- [`getting_started_vagrantbox.md`](GETTING_STARTED/getting_started_vagrantbox.md)
- [`getting_started_modules.md`](GETTING_STARTED/getting_started_modules.md)

```

> :bulb: If you found this in `fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack`, you may be interested in the separate repository [vagrant-hashistack-template](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/).  
> :warning: If you are reading this in your own repository, go to [If This Is in Your Own Repository](#if-this-is-in-your-own-repository)

> > :warning: There are getting started guides in [`getting_started_vagrantbox.md`](GETTING_STARTED/getting_started_vagrantbox.md) and [`getting_started_modules.md`](GETTING_STARTED/getting_started_modules.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove this, and keep the "Getting Started" section right above, and add this line as part of that. WDYT?

Author: I agree, but I also like the idea that it gives you getting started hints multiple places in the README. So om not sure tbh :shrug:

Reviewer: Fair enough, Im OK with keeping it for now.
